2019.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 10)
 * General: Users can now optionally access powerdown signals from their user logic in Ultrascale PCIe mode.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.1.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 9)
 * No changes

2019.1.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 9)
 * No changes

2019.1.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 9)
 * No changes

2019.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 9)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added GUI option to disable the GT channel LOC constraints in GTWizard IP XDC
 * Feature Enhancement: Added GUI option MCAP_FPGA_BITSTREAM_VERSION for TANDEM
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 8)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 8)
 * General: Updated Subcore version for axi_bram_ctrl to 4.1
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 7)
 * General: Updated Master Bridge AxSIZE port logic for less than 1 DW byte access, which can be enabled through TCL parameter CONFIG.AXSIZE_BYTE_ACCESS_EN
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 6)
 * General: Fixed port width mismatches on cfg_interrupt_msix_enable, cfg_interrupt_msix_mask, cfg_interrupt_msix_vf_enable and cfg_interrupt_msix_vf_mask siganls for 7 series gen3 variant
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 5)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed simulation parameter hierarchy when project is in VHDL language or when external Startup primitive is selected.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Tandem and PR simulation support for UltraScale devices
 * Other: Changed IP example design simulation timeout value to 2.5ms
 * Other: Removed 'xx' in the Interface values on PCIe ID GUI tab
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue with the generation of example design in IPI canvas.
 * Bug Fix: Updated arrow colors for JTAG debugger LTSSM graph
 * Bug Fix: Update internal RTL module naming to allow multiple PCIe IP to be instantiated in a design
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Byte Enable to the Snooping Logic hanging of the CFG_MGMT_* interface (Block Bridge access) to allow per-Byte only access
 * Feature Enhancement: Enabled Prefetch Mem Base/Limit 32/64-bit register and Memory Base/Limit register for Root Port configuration
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Bug Fix: PCI Express Extended Configuration Space Enable parameter enables config extended interface.
 * Bug Fix: Optional ports rq_tuser and cq_tuser widths are corrected when ATS/PRI is enabled.
 * Bug Fix: Bridge Info UpConfig capable bit is obsolete.
 * Bug Fix: Enabled selection of PLL type when Gen2 link speed is selected.
 * Bug Fix: Disable Slave AXI Bridge Timeout Counter and use PCIe Hard Block Timeout Counter for Vrtex7-XT and UltraScale devices.
 * Feature Enhancement: Allow one beat narrow burst transfer to be passed with no modification or packing to support IO-only capable devices.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Bug Fix: Update ATS/PRI specific interface definition in Block Design (IPI) Flow
 * Bug Fix: Fixed Link Control Register Offset in Example Design's Testbench
 * Feature Enhancement: Added JTAG & IBERT debugger support. Debug Options GUI page to debug LTSSM
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to select PM_L23_Entry
 * Feature Enhancement: Added no_slv_err parameter to return AXI OK response with data equal to FFFF_FFFF when bus-walking non-existent devices for AXI Master that's unable to process Slave Error response. Apply to RP only
 * Other: Change RP Function Number to 0 in Example Design's Testbench
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Changed cfg_power_state_change_ack tie-off to 1 to allow non-D0 PCIe power state change initiated from Root
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Narrow Burst support on S_AXI interface
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 3.0
 * Port Change: Added pipe_{rx/tx}_{8-15}_sigs ports to support pipe simulation in  UltraScale+ x16 configuration
 * Port Change: Removed axi_ctl_aclk port for new IP creation. IP that is upgraded is not affected
 * Other: Added support for FLG1155/FLG1931 packages for xc7vh580t device, FLG1931 for xc7vh870t device, FFV1156/FFV1761 for xc7vx330t device, FFV1157/FFV1158/FFV1927 for xc7vx415T device
 * Other: AXIBAR_NUM, BASEADDR, and HIGHADDR parameters are now converted to upper-case to improve driver backward compatibility with AXI Memory Mapped to PCI Express for 7-series IP
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Updated the Tandem with Field Updates example design scripts to reference the appropriate constraints file when a development board is selected in the project settings.
 * Updated the Tandem with Field Updates example design scripts to handle IP core containers where the output products were not generated.
 * Added support for defense grade Kintex UltraScale device xqku115
 * Modified the insertion loss profile parameter to provide three options Chip-to-Chip(5db), Add-in_Card(15db) and Backplane(20db). Core operates in LPM mode for the values < 15db and DFE mode for the values >= 15db.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 2.1
 * Added Tandem and MCAP support for Ultrascale configuration of the core.
 * Modified the width of pipe_tx_*_sigs, common_commands_in and common_commands_out
 * Modified the mapping of logical and physical external pipe interface ports for EP configurations so that it can be connected to Root Port instance directly
 * Changes to HDL library management to support Vivado IP simulation library
 * Fixed issue with the default values of 'Base Class Menu' and 'Sub Class Interface Menu'
 * Added support for defense grade kintexu devices - xqku040-rfa1156,xqku040-rba676,xqku060-rfa1156 and xqku095-rfa1156
 * Added port msix_entry_num input for future use of internal MSI-X table implementation; currently it is always disabled
 * Port width for s_axi_ctl_awaddr and s_axi_ctl_araddr is changed depending on device port type selection. EP is limited to 4K and RP is limited to 256M
 * Added axi_ctl_aresetn output signal to allow access to S_AXI_CTL interface when there's no link-up
 * pcie3_cfg_msix interface is accessible only when external MSI-X table implementation is selected; currently only external implementation is supported
 * Added the required Tandem and MCAP ports: cap_*, startup_*, mcap_*
 * Added HAS_BURST parameter on M_AXI interfaces for SmartConnect optimization
 * Added two new ports to transceiver debug interface section: gt_dmonfiforeset gt_dmonitorclk.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Added support for ffva1156 package for xcku095 device
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 2.0
 * Added support for Shared Logic
 * Added support for Root Port configuration
 * Added support for sfva784 package for xcku035 and xcku040
 * Added support for xcku025, xcku085 and xcku095 devices
 * For EXTERNAL PIPE INTERFACE mode, a new file xil_sig2pipe.v is delivered in the simulation directory and it replaces the phy_sig_gen.v. BFM/VIP's should interface with the xil_sig2pipe instance in board.v
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.2.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Added Clock interface for the signal ext_ch_gt_drpclk
 * Fixed issue with the location constraints for refclk_ibuf for xcvu095-ffvc2104, xcvu125-flvc2104 and xcvu190-flga2577
 * Added MSIX Interface at the core boundary
 * Added support for xq7vx690t-rf1158 device and package
 * Fixed issue with outgoing packet's Tag management

2015.1:
 * Version 1.1
 * Added non-default ports ext_ch_gt_drp_addr, ext_ch_gt_drp_en, ext_ch_gt_drp_di, ext_ch_gt_drp_do, ext_ch_gt_drp_rdy, ext_ch_gt_drp_we and ext_ch_gt_drpclk to access the GT DRP ports for debugging purpose as per the requirement. These ports and interface are enabled using the model parameter EXT_CH_GT_DRP.
 * Added Transceiver debug and status ports as a part of EOU item
 * Added support for new packages: flvb1760,ffvd1517,ffvc1517,flva2104,flvd1517 and flvb2104
 * Fixed issue with MRd transaction during linkdown (Xilinx Answer 63113)
 * Added support for GUI option to select PLL_TYPE for Gen2 Speed: CPLL (Optional) and QPLL1 (Default)
 * Added support for GUI option to select CORE_CLK_FREQ for Gen3 x1/x2/x4: 250 MHz (Default) and 500 MHz (Optional)
 * Added PCIe specific production settings for VU095-ES2
 * Removed support for 250 MHz user clock and axis clock for -1/-1L/-1LV speedgrades
 * Removed GUI Parameter prefetch enable for BAR1, BAR3 and BAR5

2014.4.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Fix to properly pass the PCIe subsystem_vendor_id and subsystem_id to the PCIe hardblock.
 * Encrypted source files are concatenated together to reduce the number of files and to reduce simulator compile time
 * Added support for Ultrascale KintexU and VirtexU devices

2014.3:
 * Version 1.0
 * Initial release

(c) Copyright 2014 - 2019 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
